Update aws.md to include warning about sts for self hosted (#624)
spacelift-io/user-documentation: docs/integrations/cloud-providers/aws.md

## Trust Policy

{% if is_saas() %}
!!! warning

>     When attaching a cloud integration to a stack if you get the error `you need to configure trust relationship section in your AWS account` this error may be caused by also not having the [STS (Security Token Service)](https://spacelift.io/blog/aws-sts) enabled in the **eu-west-1** region in your account (or potentially we have a DR region as well **eu-central-1** if you want to enable it there as well)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you get the error `you need to configure trust relationship section in your AWS account` when attaching a cloud integration to a stack, it may be caused by not having the [STS (Security Token Service)](https://spacelift.io/blog/aws-sts) enabled. Please make sure this service is enabled for both the **eu-west-1** and **eu-central-1** (used for disaster recovery failover) regions in your account.
```

Reviewer: I just wanted to make a couple of suggestions here:

- Tweaking the order of the sentence slightly. This is mainly just personal preference, but I think it reads better if we start with the problem you encounter before the action that was taken.
- I don't think we should suggest that enabling it for the DR region is optional. The issue is that if we ever did need to failover, any customers who have STS disabled in `eu-central-1` would begin to face problems.

Author: That makes sense!  Thanks

{% endif %}

{% if is_self_hosted() %}

> When attaching a cloud integration to a stack if you get the error `you need to configure trust relationship section in your AWS account` this error may be caused by also not having the [STS (Security Token Service)](https://spacelift.io/blog/aws-sts) enabled in the region that your self hosted was deployed in

Reviewer: Do you not want the self-hosted version to appear in a warning callout for consistency?

I'd also flip the order of the sentence same as my previous suggestion, so "If you get ... when attaching ...".

Author: That makes perfect sense!  Here's the pr to make it a warning as well
https://github.com/spacelift-io/user-documentation/pull/624/files#diff-1fdf65b880c5c7dd4da299442f5345e8fe9c3d34d72916c2c2d51bcb6b7e7c01
